Updated best practices project management (#1456)
neuronsimulator/nrn: docs/python/programming/projectmanagement.rst

tests pass you'll be sure that all of the essential parts of your model work as expected.

Coverage
--------

Several tools exist, such as `coverage <https://pypi.org/project/coverage/>`_, that will
analyse how much over the code was actually tested during the testing process. You can
send these reports to online service providers such as `Codecov.io <https://codecov.io/`_
to analyse and visualize which parts of your model might still contain errors.

======
NEURON
======

List the versions of NEURON for which your model works as a requirement for your project:

.. code-block:: python

  from setuptools import setup
  
  setup(
      name="my-project",
      version="1.0.0",
      author="Me",
      email="noreply@uni.com",
      packages=["my_project"],
      install_requires=["NEURON>=8.0.0"],
  )

Mechanisms
==========

Mechanisms need to be compiled against the user's installation of NEURON, so don't
include the compiled library in your version control. The mod files can be packaged
along with your Python source code, and your project's README.md best contains
instructions how to compile them.

> Another good practice is to include a check for the compiled library's existence:
> 
> .. code-block:: python
> 
>   import os
>   
>   this_dir = os.path.dirname(__file__)
>   lib = os.path.join(this_dir, "mod", "x86_64", "libnrnmech.so"))
>   assert os.path.exists(lib), "Mechanism library not found, please compile it."
>   
> .. note:: This check only works on UNIX distributions

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Another good practice is to include a check for the compiled library's existence. For example, on `x86_64` UNIX platforms, you could:

.. code-block:: python

  import os
  
  this_dir = os.path.dirname(__file__)
  lib = os.path.join(this_dir, "mod", "x86_64", "libnrnmech.so"))
  assert os.path.exists(lib), "Mechanism library not found, please compile it."

```
